Sensor classes description: replace average by median and sum (#44949)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/area.markdown

  required: false
  type: list
  default: "temperature, humidity"

>   description: A list of sensor device classes to display for the area. Most classes (such as temperature, humidity, pressure) show the median value when multiple sensors are present. Accumulative classes (power, energy, gas, water) show the sum instead.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: A list of sensor device classes to display for the area. Most classes (such as temperature, humidity, or pressure) show the median value when multiple sensors are present. Accumulative classes (such as power, energy, gas, or water) show the sum instead.
```

>   description: A list of sensor device classes to display for the area. Most classes (such as temperature, humidity, or pressure) show the median value when multiple sensors are present. Accumulative classes (such as power, energy, gas, or water) show the sum instead.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: A list of sensor device classes to display for the area. Most classes (such as temperature, humidity, or pressure) show the median value when multiple sensors are present. Sensors representing cumulative measurements (such as power, energy, gas, or water) show the sum instead.
```
